README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - QR code component solution

This is a solution to the [QR code component challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/qr-code-component-iux_sIO_H). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

**Note: Delete this note and update the table of contents based on what sections you keep.**

## Overview

### Screenshot

![](./images/Screenshot.jpg)

## My process

I've built the code on VSC not using figma or anything else.

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid

### What I learned

I've learnt how to use html and css semantic and how to use flexbox and some custom properties

### Continued development

As a newbie in this dev world, I still have to focus on everything !

## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@MaksTinyWorkshop](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/MaksTinyWorkshop)

Commit message:

Commit 1
Update of readme file with live link

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - QR code component solution

This is a solution to the [QR code component challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/qr-code-component-iux_sIO_H). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

**Note: Delete this note and update the table of contents based on what sections you keep.**

## Overview

### Screenshot

![](./images/Screenshot.jpg)

## My process

I've built the code on VSC not using figma or anything else.

### Link

Here is the link for the live (https://makstinyworkshop.github.io/fm_1/)

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid

### What I learned

I've learnt how to use html and css semantic and how to use flexbox and some custom properties

### Continued development

As a newbie in this dev world, I still have to focus on everything !

## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@MaksTinyWorkshop](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/MaksTinyWorkshop)
